What did you say?
Our village has no one else on the Olympic shortlist
Who?
My brother-in-law who works as a doorman in the sports committee
The person he told me about
He appeared in our village
But his identity
There is no way to find it yet.
Do you even need to ask?
He must be the owner of our family
The results of the test will be available soon.
We'll see the results right away, won't we?
Go take a closer look
Hey hey village chief
This law is not over yet
Forget it, if he really dies here, there's no way to explain it
Let him in. Go
Since this is the Olympic shortlist, it must be you.
What else can we look up?
Hey waste of time
Don't worry.
A heavyweight like me
Should be the last to appear
Suppress the audience
It has to be our son who wants to form a Guangyaomen media
Go go go
Okay, everyone comes to check their grades.
Xiao Dan, in order to participate in the Olympic competition
Mom fed you beef for a month in a row
Your strong body
Definitely on the Olympic shortlist
Mom will take you to check the results.
Mom, stop arguing
Chen Tiedan snatches 30kg
Stop lifting 40kg
Total weight 70kg
Ha ha.
Ah!
Come on, son
Not this year.
We'll continue tomorrow.
When you go back in the evening, your mother will stew a chicken for you to make up for it.
Let's go
Lao Tzu, let's see how you were last year
Did you embarrass me?
Let's go, dad, let's stop checking, let's go, let's go
Dad, stop checking
check
Li Hongwei snatches 20kg
Stop lifting 30kg
Total weight 50kg
Okay, okay.
You two useless things
Thrown into the face of our Lin Family Village
Yasuo oops
Come and check your grades
Hahahaha
Okay, calm down.
You stinky fish and rotten shrimp
Also delusional about entering the Olympics
Let you see my son Yao today
Joe is awesome
Not bad in front of my son
Just you stinky fish and rotten shrimp
It's Yixiao Yaozu
Open your eyes.
That's a lot to see.